the c-span networks bring you long-form
public affairs programming from the
nation's capital and are a public
service of your television provider
c-span created by cable ladies and
gentlemen Hasan Minhaj thank you
everyone Wow thank you one more time for
mr. John Kasich everybody give it up for
him right Wow I mean John we have so
much in common you know we're both from
small towns people can't pronounce our
names and neither of us will ever become
president it is amazing no no you ask
you guys it's fine it's - why it's great
because John you are a rational sane
even-keel well-thought-out
seasoned politician in you thought you
could be the GOP nominee you crazy John
you're crazy man crazy for this one Jay
ladies and gentlemen my name is Hasan
Minhaj it is such an honor to be
speaking at the Correspondents Dinner
that nobody cares about Wow
I mean tonight is definitive proof that
we all definitely haven't made it last
year speaker was awesome on V uh so
thank you so much our TCA for going back
to back with your Browns you guys are
killing it I love it next year's event
Malala Syrian refugees hosting it I like
that yeah Malala tonight's event is
brought to you by c-span c-span yes yes
to the eight people not watching c-span
is now in HD which is great so now you
can see all that legislation not getting
passed in 1080p all the wrinkles and
inefficiency just oh so crisp
ladies and gentlemen we are sitting here
at the eve of the 2016 presidential
election where we the American people
get to vote for who we hate the least
and right now statistically it looks
like Hillary Clinton should win that's
about right that is about right that is
the right response Hillary Clinton
generally gets Hillary Clinton is like
the broccoli of presidential choices you
know what I mean where the Clinton camp
is like trust us she's good for you all
right
like Hillary Clinton is like the Toyota
Camry of presidential options like if
you run the prices right and they
presented you with a Hillary it get the
same response as a Camry just done
undone something out yah oh no I already
had one in the 90s
Bernie Sanders shook things up this year
right Bernie great Wall Street in the
building that's cool um I like Bernie
though Bernie was Bernie was like
America's cool substitute teacher right
like he came in he's like everybody's
getting pizza we were all like hell yes
I've been waiting for pizza and then
Hillary's like the regular teacher and
she's like hey who's paying for the
pizza
we're like shut up mrs. C the cool sub
since we got pizza and she said what no
no I'm cool I whip I named Nate we're
like stopping mrs. C stop pandering and
then Donald Trump is like Mexico's
paying for the pizza and then dumb
people are like oh yeah
other country pay for my pizza that
makes sense
what no this is great cuz like the
Republican Party is here what like how
is how how is 86% of the GOP like yes
racist Cheeto
finally like I have yet I live in I live
in a liberal bubble so I have yet to
meet a trump supporter I mean I did meet
Paul Ryan three weeks ago but you know
people change and usually I'll see
people in the street I go this guy looks
kind of Trumpy and I go hey man who you
voting for and they'll go whoa hey whoa
hey I don't like to talk about politics
and that dudes voting for Trump that
dude is definitely voting for Donald
Trump I don't like to talk about
politics is the new I'm not racist but
like everybody's been asking the
question how did he get so far how did
he do it and really the answer has been
underneath our noses entire time if you
seemed the hit film Back to the Future
to the character Biff is based on Donald
Trump this is real 1989 Robert Zemeckis
wrote the character Biff based on Donald
Trump watched the movie orange skin
Casino he's trying to kill Michael J Fox
this is real and if that is true we're
in the wrong alternate timeline right
now you guys and everybody's asking you
where his credentials no where is the
sports Almanac no wonder this guy has
gotten so far he already knows who's
gonna win two NBA Finals sorry it won't
be the Cavs I'm sorry mr. Kasich Donald
Trump is an amazing professional
wrestler that's not a joke no he was
inducted into the 2013 WWE Hall of Fame
this is not a joke he clothes on Vince
McMahon he shaved his head on stage and
I gotta say he was an incredible
wrestler and I used to make fun of my
cousin Sahil because he still thinks
wrestling is real and in 2016 we live in
a world where Jesse Ventura became
governor of Minnesota Hulk Hogan took
down Gawker in Donald Trump could become
President of the United States of
America and I'm just here to say Sahil
you were right wrestling is real
politics is fake I just I just got to
come to grips with the fact that I'm
sorry that I'm coming off as nervous
it's because brown people we're gonna
get deported so really this is just my
farewell tour I'm saying goodbye to
America I got to do all my American
stuff now like I gotta go to Costco for
the last time I got to get knocked out
at a trump rally I got to do everything
that makes this country great there is a
sliver of hope there is a sliver Barack
Obama just recently endorsed Hillary
Clinton and I gotta say the media you
guys have had this double standard with
Hillary just because she's a woman you
guys always go after all she's too
shrill she's too serious she dresses
like she works at PF Changs
and that's not fair because you know you
wouldn't do that to Bernie if Hillary
dressed like Bernie everyone would be
like hey why is the pigeon lady from
home alone - running for president what
is going on and the reality the
situation is is Hillary is the dude in
the relationship and we don't know how
to feel about it we're all in bed with
Hillary late at night and we're looking
at her cell phone like hey hey who's
Wall Street
she's like don't worry about it babe
it's just a friend from work
it's actually it's actually insulting to
say that Hillary Clinton is dude her
accomplishments are bigger than gender
bigger than gender look at what she's
done in her life
in 1974 did you know this in 1917 or 74
she was on the inquiry staff to impeach
President Nixon she was doing that in
her 20s I was listening to ja Rule in my
20s
she was impeaching presidents in her 20s
she wrote the Magna Carta in 1215 she
invented the telephone with Alexander
Graham Bell this is all real information
it's on a server that you can never see
it is all real so of course she is gonna
run for president and if anything she is
going to become president
alpha just sheer desire alone she wants
it more than any presidential candidate
in history Hillary Clinton wants to be
President so bad she's willing to sit in
the same office
not a different office not a replica
scandal office the scene of the crime
now look we've all been cheated on clap
have you been cheated on clapping we've
been cheated on those you guys not
clapping you've been cheated on I was
cheated on my senior year of high school
Janice Marlo I hope you're watching this
she cheated on me she worked at Cinnabon
at the mall and to this day I cannot
walk through food court without balling
I'll just break down and cry and Hillary
Clinton is like I want to manage
Cinnabon corporate so what do you do
when you get cheated on I cry and listen
to Coldplay Hillary Clinton runs for
president of the United States of
America Wow indeed so say what you will
about Claire underwood but she has her
eyes on the Iron Throne and she is
saying come to mama and at this point
she is waiting for someone to tie a
bunch of balloons to the back of
Bernie's chair so he just floats away
that's what she's waiting for but enough
talking about presidents we're here to
talk about Congress it's so mean to me
to talk about a job that you guys will
never have I mean oh oh every member of
Congress wants to be President let's be
real there's a senator named Sheldon
Whitehouse that is the most ambitious
name for a title you will never have
that's like my name being Hassan head of
Homeland Security it's just not
happening
no let's just be real everybody here in
the media they're hard on Congress
they're hard on you guys
they say you're a do-nothing Congress
but you guys do a lot you guys do don't
let anybody tell you otherwise
you guys go to fundraisers you guys host
fundraisers you have your staff set up
fundraisers for you to host that's three
things right there and that doesn't even
include all the time you spent trying to
repeal Obamacare or not passing gun
control that's five things you guys do
yeah yeah and a lot of people at home
don't know this but your average member
of Congress has to raise 18 thousand
dollars a day just for their party and
it's incredible for as much time as
Congress spends denying poor people
money you guys sure as hell spend a
whole lot of time begging for it
don't worry these jokes are for your
donors at home it's fine you know when I
was in the third grade my teacher Miss
Anderson gave us this assignment she
said write a letter to your local member
of Congress asking what you'd like to
change and like a dummy I wrote that
letter but what she meant was is you're
supposed to write that letter in the
memo section of a sign check silly
rabbit letters are for Santa checks her
for Congress of course I may be things
just won't change because Congress's
approval rating is 12% 12% that's not
even one star on Yelp there are
restaurants with rat infestations that
are rated better than Congress that
means 12 percent that means 88 percent
of people hate your guts like if you're
in a mall and 10 people walk past you
eight of them would hate your guts and
the ninth dude hates you most of the
time 12 percent like if you were a cell
phone you would just be unusable maybe
things won't change because you guys are
just old like your average member in
Senate is 62 years old my dad is 62 like
you can't pass legislation when you can
barely pass a bowel movement
you can come gamma Mays Capitol Hill
still has steps it should just be reset
bits point now ultimately we're here to
talk about the media which covers the
do-nothing Congress and here as a fake
journalist I just want to give a shout
out to other fake journalist CNN is here
tonight
no CNN's cool but what exactly do you
guys do like every time our turn I turn
on CNN every time I turn on CNN Wolf
Blitzer is talking to a hologram Don
Lemon is hosting a panel on whether or
not we should use the n-word and then
Anthony Bourdain is eating couscous what
do you guys do you guys are basically
Bravo with plane crashes I don't know
what you do CNN doesn't like subtlety
though have you seen the headlines just
100 point font all caps you guys write
your headlines the way my dad writes his
emails plane crash many injured huh son
come home what the vice news isn't here
tonight I like vice news though vice
news is cool because they'll just send
your local barista to go talk to the
head of Isis it's incredible
you'll be like why is Chad sitting down
with Abu Bakr al-baghdadi MSNBC is here
tonight and this NBC is cool but you
guys are like everybody's annoying vegan
friend it's like we get it you're right
I just want to hear it right now you
guys are always like I'm telling you
it'll make sense in 10 years it's like
not now Rachel I'm trying to enjoy
myself I actually like MSNBC they do the
actual news I just don't want you guys
to end up like Al Jazeera America too
soon no no when the ratings for Al
Jazeera America came out c-span was
high-fiving they're like yes three more
viewers I was interviewed once on al
Jazeera America and I actually had to
hold the boom mic while they interviewed
me now people ask all the time did the
media create Trump and yes you guys did
Donald Trump phones in his interviews to
meet the press and I don't mean like he
doesn't try during his interviews he
literally calls in the way you and I
order pizza is like yeah large pepperoni
no olives don't send the Mexican that's
the way he
his interviews the New York Times The
Washington Post they don't call him a
racist they say his comments are
racially tinged no I'm racially tinged
that dude is racist straight up the
Huffington Post
you guys know the Huffington Post you
know the place where your uber driver
can write an article The Huffington Post
has a disclaimer on their website
calling him a racist
BuzzFeed refuses to take money from the
GOP or Donald Trump you know BuzzFeed
the place that tells you which Disney
princess you are they have more
journalistic integrity than the New York
Times and for the record I'm a Jasmine
you guys are all Cruella De Vil
ultimately at the end of the day I just
hope that love overcomes fear don't you
guys like I just hope that's what ends
up winning and Fox News has taught me
that Fox News is incredible because I've
never seen so many people spray tans
hate people of color you guys are
incredible Fox News and you guys are in
New York where I'm based out of the
enemy walks amongst us and we're only
five blocks away from each other
Daily Show Fox News and every morning I
have to watch you guys it's the same
thing
chill um bomb um stab um you would say
you let's say you would say and I have
to walk past you guys during lunch and
I'll see all these Fox News employees
leave their building cross the street
walk past me and then line up for a
halal chicken and rice
and I'm like aha
racist Randy just wants that red sauce I
love it I love that your brain can be
racist your body will just betray you I
love that I love that all morning
they're just uh-huh Mexicans whole lives
matter
Arabs 1201 shawarma time I love that so
much
I am I on I don't even know how to pivot
here to be honest guys you know I'm what
we saw in Orlando was one of the ugliest
cocktails of the problems that we still
see here in America a cocktail of
homophobia xenophobia lack of access to
mental health care and sheer lack of
political will and all of us a Duras
we've all been yelling out crying out
for change but the sad reality is that
we are all complicit in what happened
every day and our workplaces and our
homes and our religious institutions
there is covert or overt discrimination
or phobia towards people of different
religious racial or sexual walks of life
and we just sit there we let it happen
because it doesn't affect our bottom
line I didn't say it Hassan I don't
think it's that way they said it okay
it's not that simple Hassan and we just
go on with our lives because it didn't
affect our status quo and the sad
reality is stuff like this is going to
continue to happen unless we recognize
that civil liberties are an
all-or-nothing game a rising tide lifts
all boats it's not pick or choose so
whether you like it or not we all have
to step up and fight for each other
otherwise the whole thing is a sham
and until we do that hijabis are going
to get harassed in the streets members
from the trans community are going to be
demonized for using the bathroom and my
brothers and sisters in the
african-american community their spines
are going to continue to get shattered
in the back of paddy wagons until we
stand up and say something and the thing
that hurts me the most is I wish I would
have done more to my brothers and
sisters in the LGBTQ community in every
marginalized community I'm sorry I
didn't do more and the same goes for
Congress you know we look to you guys as
our leaders you make almost $200,000 a
year to write rules to make our society
better not tweet not tell us about your
thoughts and prayers to write rules to
make our society better and ultimately
it comes down to money and influence and
right now since 1998 the NRA has given
3.7 million dollars to Congress there
are 294 sitting members of Congress that
have sceptic contributions from the NRA
and that doesn't even include the
millions of dollars from outside
lobbying so before I get up here in my
liberal bubble and I asked for gun
control and universal background checks
and banning assault rifles we got to be
able to have the conversation in right
now specifically Congress has blocked
legislation for the CDC to study gun
related violence
we can't even talk about the issue with
real statistics and facts so I don't
know if this is like a Kickstarter thing
but if 3.7 million dollars can buy
political influence to take lives if we
raise four million dollars would you
guys take that to save lives
I don't know ultimately I just got to
ask you this look when I got into comedy
when you guys got into media and when
you guys got into politics we wanted to
do the best work we could pass
we do and is this what you want your
legacy to be that you were could have
done something Congress but you didn't
because of outside lobbying that you
were complicit in the deaths of
thousands of Americans and look I know
being a member of Congress is hard
you got to placate your base you got to
look out for reelection you got to
answer to lobbyists but please persevere
because our thoughts and prayers are
with you good night